We've done a lot of foundational work,
basically,
is what we've been doing up to this point.
And if you've noticed, what we
essentially have been working with is,
it feels like a view CLI app
to be totally honest, right?
You have your app view,
that's what's being compiled,
basically feels like
client side rendering.
And that's actually what this is,
there's a reason why Nuxt
approach it this way because.
Not everyone who uses a nice app needs
routing and all this other stuff.
So one of the nice things about
approaching it this way is that,
if you wanna build an app like this,
client side rendered, and then like say,
add a next PWA module,
which we'll talk more about later.
Then all of a sudden you have a client
side rendering app that has PWA
capabilities.
And you didn't have to do anything else.
It won't import view router,
it'll keep the bundle small.
So those are some of the optimizations
that Knucks makes for you.
And one of the reasons why
they start out like this.
Because they wanna make sure you basically
often to the things that you really need,
and that's what we're gonna be doing as we
kinda progress through the rest of this
day, is progressively add on more and
more features onto our app.
So naturally, one of the things we've
been kind of flip flopping between
is the fact that we haven't really
created a components folder yet.
And there's a reason for that because,
the components are a little bit
special in the Knucks arena.
So let's go ahead and
finally just move out of this app
to do at boat photo gallery bit.
So, what we're gonna do is we're gonna
create a new folder inside of our app,
folder called components.
All right, and now this time, what I'm
gonna go ahead and do, is let's refactor
this to be a little bit more like
actual component architecture, right?
So, what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna create something.
Let's see you do viewer, dot view, so
this will be one of my components.
And we can basically just, I realize you
could have just dragged and copy, but
I'll just do a copy and paste,
which will be able to easier for me.
And then I'll delete this.
Great, all right, that looks good.
And then, what else do we got?
We have the, wanna make sure [SOUND],
okay, so we have the to do viewer.
It's inside of here.
And now, what we wanna do is if we wanted
to render this, say we wanted to put
the photo gallery in one section and then
put the, to do in another column, right?
What we could do, is we can wrap this
inside something called columns,
Oops dot columns,
which is a layout class from Al.
And we can group this first
one in one column and
then in the other column we can
actually put in our to-do viewer.
And so, let me go ahead and
import that at the top.
So import to do viewer from, and
then the route is components,
fot start to do viewer.
That's it, save.
So, with any luck,
if I refresh this, there we go.
We see now we have our to do
list on the right, it fetches.
We have our photo gallery here,
it fetches what's good side by side, and
we have component architecture.
So here's the thing, though, when we're
taking a look at this component, and
we're taking a look at the photo gallery
component, there's a bit of similarity.
So what I'm gonna do actually right
now is, I'm gonna go ahead and
refactor this one too.
So let's go ahead and
grab all of this, And
this will be photo gallery.view,
just paste that,
I think that should be everything.
Yep, I think that's everything there.
So now app.view,
we can simplify, copy this,
unless you this sort of place
the top one to be an alphabetical,
so Photo Gallery, and
now we can delete all of this stuff.
So then we have that, we can get rid
of basically, all this HTML in here.
And we can basically
put Photo Gallery here.
And so, just to make sure if something
shows something visually changed,
we're just going to flip these real
quick so that to do on the left and
photo galleries on the right.
And now we switch over and refresh.
Oh-uh, something's broken.
Why is it yelling at me?
Well, it's because,
no scripts setup.
That's why, cuz inside a photo gallery,
I did a straight copy paste, and
we don't need this in anymore.
So that needs to go away.
We don't need this
container section column,
we just need the basic HTML
here that we are using.
Which means,
we can get rid of all this other stuff.
Save it.
And then now this should be much better.
There we go.
We see that our photo gallery here,
we see that there.
Now, a couple of things still a little
bit messed up though, is because,
now that we're no longer an app to view
these styles here are actually still being
relegated to the specific component.
So, what we wanna go ahead and
do to be honest, is let's go ahead and
move the BOMA import into
app.css which it is here, and
then to do viewer does I also
have the import it does.
So let's get rid of that and refactor
that a little bit, and, yes sir, yeah,
we need the main.CSS to also
go in app.view for now.
Okay, now we'll save this,
this should start to look better.
There we go, this is kind of
what we were expecting now.
Once again, we have what to do,
we have our gallery.